README.md, before:

## Getting Started
### Pre-Requisites
#### Spotify Account
1. You need to have an account with Spotify. If you don't you can create one on their website.
2. Once you have an account with Spotify go to [Developers for Spotify](https://developer.spotify.com), click the Dashboard tab to login, and agree to the terms of service.
3. Lastily, create an app and look over their documentation. 

### Requirements
You'll need these for your app to run properly:
<ul>
    <li>NPM >= v8.1.1</li>
    <li>NodeJS >= v16</li>
    <li>Mongoose >= v6.5.2</li>
    <li>Brew >= v3.5.9 (for Mac users)</li>
    <li>Express >= v4.18.1</li>
</ul>

### Links to Documentation
<ul>
    <li>Spotify Web API Node - https://www.npmjs.com/package/spotify-web-api-node</li>
    <li>Spotify Web API - https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/web-api/</li>
    <li>Developer Spotify Guide - https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/general/guides/</li>
    <li>Developer Spotify QuickStart - https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/web-api/quick-start/</li>
    <li>Homebrew Alternatives for Windows - https://alternativeto.net/software/homebrew/?platform=windows</li>
    <li>Homebrew Alternative for Linux - https://alternativeto.net/software/linuxbrew/</li> 
</ul>

Commit message:

added project overview to README

README.md, after:

# Project Overview
This project is a Spotify Demo that connects to the spotify database through the use of the Spotify Web API. The purpose of this project is to be able to access the songs and albums of artists on Spotify after a spotify account user logs in.
## Getting Started
### Pre-Requisites
#### Spotify Account
1. You need to have an account with Spotify. If you don't you can create one on their website.
2. Once you have an account with Spotify go to [Developers for Spotify](https://developer.spotify.com), click the Dashboard tab to login, and agree to the terms of service.
3. Lastily, create an app and look over their documentation. 

### Requirements
You'll need these for your app to run properly:
<ul>
    <li>NPM >= v8.1.1</li>
    <li>NodeJS >= v16</li>
    <li>Mongoose >= v6.5.2</li>
    <li>Brew >= v3.5.9 (for Mac users)</li>
    <li>Express >= v4.18.1</li>
</ul>

### Links to Documentation
<ul>
    <li>Spotify Web API Node - https://www.npmjs.com/package/spotify-web-api-node</li>
    <li>Spotify Web API - https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/web-api/</li>
    <li>Developer Spotify Guide - https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/general/guides/</li>
    <li>Developer Spotify QuickStart - https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/web-api/quick-start/</li>
    <li>Homebrew Alternatives for Windows - https://alternativeto.net/software/homebrew/?platform=windows</li>
    <li>Homebrew Alternative for Linux - https://alternativeto.net/software/linuxbrew/</li> 
</ul>
